We are given an endpoint to encrypt an integer between 0 and 256 as many times as we want. In this encryption, we send `m` and get `A` and `A*S + m*23 + e` back, where `S` is the secret and `e` is sampled from a Normal(0,3.8). We are going to use this to recover `S`.

Note that if we set m = 0, at an encryption call we get `A` and `A*S + e`. If we do this k times, in the i-th time we get an `A_i` and an `b_i = A_i*S + e_i = sum{A_i[j]*S[j]} + e_i`.
 
Now, we are going to define a lattice generated by a matrix L of `n+1` vectors of dimension `k`. That is, L is an `n+1` by `k` matrix. The first n vectors will be `L_j[i] = A_i[j]`, and the last row of L will be `L_{n+1}[i] = b_i`. Now, notice that the linear combination `L_{n+1} - sum{S[j]*L_j}` equals the vector `e`. Specifically, the i-th coordinate of this linear combination vector is `L_{n+1}[i] - sum{S[j]*L_j[i]} = b_i - sum{S[j]*A_i[j]} = e_i`. Therefore, `e` is a vector in the lattice, and since each of its coordinates is sampled as a Normal(0,3.8), it is very very likely to be a short one.

So we can assume that `e` is a short vector of the lattice, and therefore running LLL in our lattice will most likely generate us this vector. And with this vector, we can find `S` as the solution of the system of equations given by `A*x = b-e`, where `A` is a matrix with rows `A_i` and `b` is a vector with coordinates `b_i`.

After finding `S`, we can find the flag by using the get_flag endpoint. For this, we ask the character i and analyze `b - A*S = flag[i]*23 + e`. If we simply divide this number by 23 we get `flag[i] + e/23`, which could be an incorrect byte if `e` has a big absolute value. To mitigate this, we ask each character three times and average the responses. After averaging three requests and dividing by 23, we get `flag[i] + (sum{e_j})/23`. By the Law of Large Numbers, the probability of `sum{e_j}` having a large absolute value is smaller than a single `e` having large absolute value. So rounding `flag[i] + sum{e_i}/23` to the nearest integer will most likely give us the right byte for the i-th position of the flag.

* The `generate_lattice.py` script generates the lattice we defined as L and saves it in the `lattice.txt` file.
* The `lll_reduction.sage` file loads this lattice, performs the LLL reduction and saves the obtained `e` vector in the `e.txt` file.
* The `solve_with_e.py` script loads `e`, finds `S` by solving the system of equations, and retrieves the flag using the endpoint.

Therefore, to run the solution you have to run:
`python3 generate_lattice.py && sage lll_reduction.sage && python3 solve_with_e.py`
